heinz witte medium and for today or
I would like to let you leave today
multiple wish a game sign
which is called modes of the user
digital ones are used for that
sound a bit more aggressive
to let in more rhythm in too
bring about different at the other
timbre with reinzubringen yes to
to make the whole thing calmer
yes it is a game technique me
Do not doubt that is the one or
other other possibility also exists
how to do the whole thing on the guitar
can implement
I'll show you just like me
The whole hand was ok
First, let's just take care of them
right hand ie the hand with which we
Striking strings and the technique is
quite simply I just take mine
hand knew yes and while I stop
puts on the pages that comes through
a percussive looks then as in
my hand was on the strings on it
and will stop that if I do
now that for example so powerful that I
but let's do a beat
Just let 1 on
sound at 230 and again
Yes
so the technology is first for the
right hand, I take a small one
chord sequence I'm a long day on
ball
back on the ball
again
ok so it means I'm just
my hand could be on the sides
to stop this is the technology for
the right hand and the left have in
I take that as an example in f
Accor and there it works
so that only really in the mountain for
it sounds like it is like that when i put the
So download wants to play where I am
the right hand can already get up
the pages goes then I open it like that
the guitar
at the same time go here with the left
just hand in from the sides
that's just me
only have the sides a little piece of
Waistband start as I grab one f
accor and when i download the game
I just go solve the handle
bit on planning with the finger
still on the side, yes, by that arises
also a percussive sound I do that
Now just so that I can
death note now only with the left
So, that's what I mean when I generate hand
Now, for example, the handle is normal
claw and stop
and if I now own I do
the pages do not completely refrain from mine
finger on the side also comes
bacchus set it to music
who again 12th
ok so and now we can do it all the time
combine
that is to say again
and on two just here in front of the fingers
from the sides and here
At the same time I can lay my hand
that will be on the pages on the pages
about the work you practice a bit
Of course, synchronization is necessary
so that it really works out here
and that's exactly what it is
contrary to the strings
but it looks pretty
cool sound and of course, too
just see the markup in it be so
I will do exactly that
exactly the same here I put off easily
sides and who does not hit me
Just put my hand back on the page yes
yes it works and so yes that is roughly how
All this technology works
just have to play around a bit
Try a lot with where to listen
such music for example pretty
For example, it is often spontaneous
incident for the acoustic guitar is to
example so meyer
jack johnson
or quite succinctly from the music direction
for example reception
and and and there and there are 100,000
directions or
In the end, even jazz music would be a good idea
just a little bit around
look for youtube different
clips where you hear something like that told me
I already have an example
Little called yes I hope you
have a lot of fun with this video could
I help a whole corner again
and wish you a lot of fun
Of course, I'm happy when you open
I like this button presses and
then I wish you one more
wonderful day and have fun with the
cover the medium tells you